Events.md, before:

# Speaking Engagements
## History of public speaking engagements, such as conferences, webinars, podcasts, etc. Includes recordings where available.

## 2025 Presentations
| Event | Date | Presentation Name | Recording Link |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Hacking APIs Conference Paris** | *December 2025* | Hiding in Plain Sight: Foundations of Scalable API Security | Recording Pending |
| **SAINTCON** | *October 2025* | Security != Compliance...But It Should | Recording Pending |
| **360 Advanced & Compyl webinar** | *October 2025* | Proving Tust Through the ISO Trifecta | [360 Advanced website](https://360advanced.com/webinar/proving-trust-through-the-iso-trifecta/) |
| **DoControl Podcast** | *September 2025* | The Breach Seat | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LuWUGFR85s) |
| **ISACA Utah Chapter Meeting** | *August 2025*  | Getting ISO 42001 Certified | No recording |
| **Cybersecurity Summit Salt Lake City** | *June 2025* | Panel Discussion: Incident Response | No recording, event details [here](https://cybersecuritysummit.com/summit/saltlakecity25/) |
| **Infosec.live Podcast** | *May 2025* | Risking It All In Cybersecurity | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5GaUHBFvFM) & [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/events/riskingitallincybersecurity-chr7322619320302280704/about/) |
| **Cyber Warrior Podcast - Security Happy Hour** | *May 2025* | GRC, Diverse Backgrounds & The People Side of Cybersecurity | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XN6Y4lQtzZ0) |
| **BSides Seattle** | *April 2025* | Join the Team, We've Got Cookies - Landing A GRC Role | Recording Pending |

## 2024 Presentations
| Event | Date | Presentation Name | Recording Link |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Keyboard Samurai Podcast** | *December 2024* | Product Management & Innovation, striking a balance | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5GaUHBFvFM) |
| **SimplyCyberCon** | *November 2024* | Having Optimism in the Age of AI | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGS21tYegqs) |
| **SecureWorld Webinar** | *October 2024* | Banish the Bogeyman: Managing and Assessing AI Risk | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFDreTVeSO8) |
| **SAINTCON** | *October 2024* | Walking the Tightrope: Balanced AI Risk Management | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmGdowvCitQ) |
| **BSides St.Pete** | *September 2024* | Same Game, Different Name: Effectively Managing Vendor AI Risk | No recording |
| **BSides SATX** | *June 2024* | VRM 201: Effectively Assessing Vendor AI Risk | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pz89GAKS17A) |
| **BSides Seattle** | *April 2024* | Small and Mighty: Making Security Happen in a Small Security Team | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2STAO45R5xk&t=1165s) |
| **360 Advanced Webinar Series** | *February 2024* | Convergence of Cybersecurity and GRC | [360 Advanced](https://compliance.360advanced.com/hubfs/Webinar%20Recordings/Convergence%20of%20Cybersecurity%20and%20GRC.mp4) |
| **The GRC Podcast** | *January 2024* | Episode 12 | [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5snYLrTEQ2xjDhX2KkwcCB) |

## 2023 Presentations
| Event | Date | Presentation Name | Recording Link |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **SimplyCyberCon** | *November 2023* | Making GRC Your Career Superpower | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkW0hkk1hPA) |
| **SAINTCON** | *October 2023* | Making Security Happen Without Being A Jerk | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4emGBx9DiMk) |
| **BSides Seattle** | *May 2023* | GRC and You: Putting your Career on a Rocket Ship | No recording |
| **BSides Salt Lake City** | *April 2023* | Vendor Risk Management 101 | No recording |

## 2022 Presentations
| Event | Date | Presentation Name | Recording Link |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **SAINTCON** | *October 2022* | Vendor Risk Management 101 | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2cFPzjIZWU) |

Commit message:

Update presentation details for Hacking APIs Conference
List Corey as copresenter, no recording for HAC Paris

Events.md, after:

# Speaking Engagements
## History of public speaking engagements, such as conferences, webinars, podcasts, etc. Includes recordings where available.

## 2025 Presentations
| Event | Date | Presentation Name | Recording Link |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Hacking APIs Conference Paris** | *December 2025* | Hiding in Plain Sight: Foundations of Scalable API Security {co-presented with Corey Ball} | No recording |
| **SAINTCON** | *October 2025* | Security != Compliance...But It Should | Recording Pending |
| **360 Advanced & Compyl webinar** | *October 2025* | Proving Tust Through the ISO Trifecta | [360 Advanced website](https://360advanced.com/webinar/proving-trust-through-the-iso-trifecta/) |
| **DoControl Podcast** | *September 2025* | The Breach Seat | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LuWUGFR85s) |
| **ISACA Utah Chapter Meeting** | *August 2025*  | Getting ISO 42001 Certified | No recording |
| **Cybersecurity Summit Salt Lake City** | *June 2025* | Panel Discussion: Incident Response | No recording, event details [here](https://cybersecuritysummit.com/summit/saltlakecity25/) |
| **Infosec.live Podcast** | *May 2025* | Risking It All In Cybersecurity | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5GaUHBFvFM) & [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/events/riskingitallincybersecurity-chr7322619320302280704/about/) |
| **Cyber Warrior Podcast - Security Happy Hour** | *May 2025* | GRC, Diverse Backgrounds & The People Side of Cybersecurity | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XN6Y4lQtzZ0) |
| **BSides Seattle** | *April 2025* | Join the Team, We've Got Cookies - Landing A GRC Role | Recording Pending |

## 2024 Presentations
| Event | Date | Presentation Name | Recording Link |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Keyboard Samurai Podcast** | *December 2024* | Product Management & Innovation, striking a balance | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5GaUHBFvFM) |
| **SimplyCyberCon** | *November 2024* | Having Optimism in the Age of AI | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGS21tYegqs) |
| **SecureWorld Webinar** | *October 2024* | Banish the Bogeyman: Managing and Assessing AI Risk | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFDreTVeSO8) |
| **SAINTCON** | *October 2024* | Walking the Tightrope: Balanced AI Risk Management | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmGdowvCitQ) |
| **BSides St.Pete** | *September 2024* | Same Game, Different Name: Effectively Managing Vendor AI Risk | No recording |
| **BSides SATX** | *June 2024* | VRM 201: Effectively Assessing Vendor AI Risk | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pz89GAKS17A) |
| **BSides Seattle** | *April 2024* | Small and Mighty: Making Security Happen in a Small Security Team | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2STAO45R5xk&t=1165s) |
| **360 Advanced Webinar Series** | *February 2024* | Convergence of Cybersecurity and GRC | [360 Advanced](https://compliance.360advanced.com/hubfs/Webinar%20Recordings/Convergence%20of%20Cybersecurity%20and%20GRC.mp4) |
| **The GRC Podcast** | *January 2024* | Episode 12 | [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5snYLrTEQ2xjDhX2KkwcCB) |

## 2023 Presentations
| Event | Date | Presentation Name | Recording Link |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **SimplyCyberCon** | *November 2023* | Making GRC Your Career Superpower | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkW0hkk1hPA) |
| **SAINTCON** | *October 2023* | Making Security Happen Without Being A Jerk | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4emGBx9DiMk) |
| **BSides Seattle** | *May 2023* | GRC and You: Putting your Career on a Rocket Ship | No recording |
| **BSides Salt Lake City** | *April 2023* | Vendor Risk Management 101 | No recording |

## 2022 Presentations
| Event | Date | Presentation Name | Recording Link |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **SAINTCON** | *October 2022* | Vendor Risk Management 101 | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2cFPzjIZWU) |
