README.md, before:

# Speaking Engagements
## History of public speaking engagements, such as conferences, webinars, podcasts, etc. Includes recordings where available.

- SAINTCON - October 2024  
Walking the Tightrope: Balanced AI Risk Management

- BSides St.Pete - September 2024  
TBD

- BSides SATX - June 2024  
[VRM 201: Effectively Assessing Vendor AI Risk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pz89GAKS17A)

- BSides Seattle - April 2024  
[Small and Mighty: Making Security Happen in a Small Security Team](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2STAO45R5xk&t=1165s)

- 360 Advanced Webinar Series - February 2024  
[Convergence of Cybersecurity and GRC](https://compliance.360advanced.com/hubfs/Webinar%20Recordings/Convergence%20of%20Cybersecurity%20and%20GRC.mp4)

- The GRC Podcast - January 2024  
[Episode 12](https://www.thegrcpodcast.com/episodes/interview-chris-honda)

- SimplyCyberCon - November 2023  
[Making GRC Your Career Superpower](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkW0hkk1hPA)

- SAINTCON - October 2023  
[Making Security Happen Without Being A Jerk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4emGBx9DiMk)

- BSides Seattle - May 2023  
GRC and You: Putting your Career on a Rocket Ship (no recording)

- BSides Salt Lake City - April 2023  
Vendor Risk Management 101 (no recording)

- SAINTCON - October 2022  
[Vendor Risk Management 101](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2cFPzjIZWU)

Commit message:

Added new events
Add SimplyCyberCon, SecureWorld webinar; update BSides St.Pete entry with session title

README.md, after:

# Speaking Engagements
## History of public speaking engagements, such as conferences, webinars, podcasts, etc. Includes recordings where available.

- SimplyCyberCon - November 2024  
Having Optimism in the Age of AI

- SecureWorld Webinar - October 2024
Banish the Bogeyman: Managing and Assessing AI Risk

- SAINTCON - October 2024  
Walking the Tightrope: Balanced AI Risk Management

- BSides St.Pete - September 2024  
Same Game, Different Name: Effectively Managing Vendor AI Risk (No recording)

- BSides SATX - June 2024  
[VRM 201: Effectively Assessing Vendor AI Risk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pz89GAKS17A)

- BSides Seattle - April 2024  
[Small and Mighty: Making Security Happen in a Small Security Team](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2STAO45R5xk&t=1165s)

- 360 Advanced Webinar Series - February 2024  
[Convergence of Cybersecurity and GRC](https://compliance.360advanced.com/hubfs/Webinar%20Recordings/Convergence%20of%20Cybersecurity%20and%20GRC.mp4)

- The GRC Podcast - January 2024  
[Episode 12](https://www.thegrcpodcast.com/episodes/interview-chris-honda)

- SimplyCyberCon - November 2023  
[Making GRC Your Career Superpower](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkW0hkk1hPA)

- SAINTCON - October 2023  
[Making Security Happen Without Being A Jerk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4emGBx9DiMk)

- BSides Seattle - May 2023  
GRC and You: Putting your Career on a Rocket Ship (no recording)

- BSides Salt Lake City - April 2023  
Vendor Risk Management 101 (no recording)

- SAINTCON - October 2022  
[Vendor Risk Management 101](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2cFPzjIZWU)
